doc: restructure module rendering (#1083)
nix-community/stylix: docs/src/modules.md

Metadata is stored in `/modules/«module»/meta.nix`. The following attributes are
available under `meta`:

- `name`: required human-readable string name.

> - `homepages`: homepage string or attribute set of homepage strings. Attribute names are used as
>     hyperlink text, and values are used as the URLs.
>   - If the module only has one homepage, declare it using
>       `homepages = "https://url.to.homepage/"`
> - `maintainers`: required list of maintainers. See [Maintainers](#maintainers) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `homepages`: homepage string or attribute set of homepage strings, depending
  on the number of homepages:

  - ```nix
    homepages = "https://github.com/danth/stylix";
    ```

  - ```nix
    homepages = {
      Nix = "https://github.com/NixOS/nix";
      Nixpkgs = "https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs";
    };
    ```

  The attribute names are used as hyperlink text and the attribute values are
  used as URLs.

- `maintainers`: required list of maintainers. See [Maintainers](#maintainers)
  section.
```

Metadata is stored in `/modules/«module»/meta.nix`. The following attributes are
available under `meta`:

- `name`: required human-readable string name.

- `homepage`: homepage string or attribute set of homepage strings, depending
  on the number of homepages:

  - ```nix

>     homepages = "https://github.com/danth/stylix";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    homepage = "https://github.com/danth/stylix";
```

    ```

  - ```nix

>     homepages = {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    homepage = {
```

available under `meta`:

> - `maintainers`: required list of maintainers. See [Maintainers](#maintainers) section.
> - `homepages`: attribute set of homepages. Attribute names are used as
>     hyperlink text, and values are used as the URLs.
>   - If the module only has one homepage, declare it using
>       `homepages._ = "https://url.to.homepage/"`
> - `name`: required human-readable string name.

Reviewer 3: personally prefer ordering like this
```suggestion
- `name`: required human-readable string name.
- `homepages`: attribute set of homepages. Attribute names are used as
    hyperlink text, and values are used as the URLs.
  - If the module only has one homepage, declare it using
      `homepages._ = "https://url.to.homepage/"`
- `maintainers`: required list of maintainers. See [Maintainers](#maintainers) section.
```
